docs: add correct info about the `clean_copy_value` feature (#1948)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/components/number-format/info.md

## Accessibility

**NVDA** has also [issues](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/issues/8874) on reconciling the `lang` attribute, this makes it hard to have a solid and good solution for reading numbers. VoiceOver on desktop makes a perfect job there.

**VoiceOver** on mobile devices (iOS) only supports numbers read out properly to a maximum of `99,999.00`. On amounts above this value, VO reads numbers digit by digit.

> To enhance the **Copy & Paste** experience of copying numbers into other applications (Excel), you may use the `clean_copy_value` property – it will then provide a second number, without thousand separators and to have a coma/dot (depending on the locale) as the decimal separator. This number is not visible, but will be used when selecting & coping the whole number on the first click to the system clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance the **Copy & Paste** experience of copying numbers into other applications (Excel), you may use the `clean_copy_value` property – it will then provide a second number, without thousand separators and to have a comma/dot (depending on the locale) as the decimal separator. This number is not visible, but will be used when selecting & copying the whole number on the first click to the system clipboard.
```
